lay
certain the lego movies have no damn ray
being this good you all saw what
happened to the emoji movie you all have
seen other toy and kit properties get
smurfed but Chris Lord Phil Miller and
everyone besides Kathleen Kennedy have
been busy crafting these animated combo
prices that I personally think are
genius like if the first lego movie is
about generations and how to connect
with each other through shared passions
and the second one is about siblings and
sharing viewpoints let me explain now I
really want to focus on the second part
because that's the one that's fresh on
my mind and some people are hating on it
see I think part of the genius between
these two movies is that people keep
forgetting how they're partly being told
through the kids perspective or at least
an extension of their imagination that's
why we see fingerprints on the Legos and
wear and tear on the Legos cuz they're
the ones who are technically moving the
characters everything happening is based
off things around them so whenever the
dad who's played by wolf arrow
consistently forgets his pants become
something that the kids incorporate into
the story
amid orders coffee probably the same way
that kids do two coffees please
one black one with just a touch of cream
and 25 sugars the speech and size for
certain Legos change as the sister gets
older since it's from her perspective so
I guess you can kind of see the
recasting of Jenny Slade who was voicing
Harley Quinn to Margaux who's voicing
arlequin is done having seen the movie
and I guess now they're picturing them
as the voice there's an also the plot
that revolves around the crackle in the
first one since they fear their dad
would glue them together and in the
second one it's the fear that the mom
would take their Legos away and causing
our mom Magee they're kids they're not
all gonna be that great so what I love
the most about the sequel is how the
whole thing is just a fight between the
brother and the sister that's why the
Lego characters think they're going
through an apocalypse when it's just
them fighting over Legos
that's why the new ones come from the
sis star system it's why characters are
given certain names based off phrases
they probably said a lot growing up and
while some fight a corny I think the
message of the sister just wanting to
play with the brother because she was
influenced by him his cue that there
never was a bad side just different
perspectives a la RR martin the credits
even show you a montage of siblings who
connected through Legos but if you think
that this sounds too much like Toy Story
2 well the movie that has a whole bunch
of other things may
it goes a little too overboard with
other things and references that are
completely sporadic Emmet has a twin
named rax which really doesn't make any
damn sense with the whole time-travel
stuff but it adds to the status quo
aspect of the movie that the hero
doesn't have to be this brooding man in
black who's always giving the audience
what they want and it also takes shots
at Pratt's previous roles like Rex is
literally a parody of every brake role
Chris has played almost played even
those who have been as daddy in roles
obviously it's also a sequel poking fun
at sequels especially those that have a
depressing ending and a cliffhanger like
many have had those where the main
heroes go down dark paths that audiences
don't expect Pratt also ruining things
like you did an infinity war and then
causing everything to turn into pieces
I'm also aware that a lot of people just
see this franchise and many others is
just a big commercial to sell more toys
and you know what 100 percent that
doesn't mean it can't be entertaining
though like if the joke is that they
have to come up with another catchy song
to sell as well as everything is awesome
did for the first one and they decide to
be so on the nose that they just called
a new song the catchy song if it's
actually getting stuck in my head then I
even met I love the jokes about the DC
characters being gone and how Marvel
won't answer their phone call so they're
kind of screwed how the brainwashing
machine is actually a smart phone how
they knew there were two sides to Liam
Neeson this whole time like I know we've
been getting a bunch of self-aware
movies but I really think this one
worked especially when it gets deep
there's a storyline with Lucy who's been
keeping secrets from Emmet because she's
holding up this tough persona but her
guard is so high that when she finally
lets it down and reveals her true side
to him he doesn't believe it he's
actually grown to believe that the
manipulated version of her decides she
wanted him to see is the authentic
version and it disrupts their entire
relationship that idea that we don't
reveal ourselves to the people closest
to us and shut them out in a kid's movie
I think a lot of people grew up playing
with Legos and that became the bond
between them between siblings parents
cousins but I think we all have our own
version of Legos that keep us connected
that shared passion that brings us
together obviously my Legos are movies
and they become the thing that I share
with the people closest to me and
honestly it's been the thing that's
connected
you and I so I just asked what happens
when we put those Legos away yo also
Miller and Lord are the owners of
credits I thought they set the bar with
the 22 Jump Street credits but this
lonely island song at the end was
hilarious they're calling out actors for
working for our days and poor souls
their only compensation is money on how
the best song in a movie soundtrack has
to be played first in the credits that
they're so good
people are coming in 90 minutes late to
the movie they're just keeping the whole
movie because they just want to see the
credits I even love how they put Will
Ferrell in a speech bubble since he was
just a voiceover for this movie but
again I personally love the movie either
way I'm curious to know your guys
thoughts on it what did you think about
wild fire actually being the one who
wrote everything is awesome
do you finally get Radiohead were you
upset that they were making fun of Cinna
bros out there are there jokes that make
no sense does that uh you know what I
think is genius of it being from the
perspective of the kids even though
sometimes they just go completely
opposite to that yeah 100% but I still
think it's an enjoyable movie I
personally think that if this movie came
out first people would like it just as
much as they liked the first lego movie
I think it is one of those where the
quality for me is still the same it's
just the novelty of that big twist that
we saw on the first movie being done
here just doesn't hit as hard but I
still personally like both they're equal
to me in my opinion but who cares to
know your guys starts don't forget to
comment like and subscribe and I'll send
you Bionicles